Title: Our Staff

----

DrKrivohlavek:

##Dr. Brad Krivohlavek

Dr. Brad Krivohlavek is a native of Fremont, Nebraska. After receiving his degree from the University of Nebraska College of Dentistry in 1979, he immediately began his dental practice in Norfolk. He is a member of the Nebraska Dental Association (NDA), American Dental Association (ADA), North District Dental Society, and the Sioux City Dental Society.

In 2010, Dr. Krivohlavek was awarded a Fellowship in the American College of Dentists, the oldest national honorary organization for dentists, founded in 1920 to recognize dentists who have made significant contributions to the advancement of dentistry. The organization’s mission is to advance excellence, ethics, professionalism and leadership in dentistry.

“Dr. K” is also active in his community. He is a member of the Northeast Area Jazz Ensemble (in which he plays drums), Norfolk Community Theatre Board, Norfolk Noon Kiwanis Club, United Way Board of Directors, and the Norfolk Area Chamber of Commerce. He is an active member of Christ Lutheran Church and served on the Norfolk Public Schools Board of Education for 30 years.

Dr. Krivohlavek and his wife, Brenda, have three adult children and love spending time with their four grandchildren. Dr. K enjoys golf, tennis, movies, reading, and walking their dog, Quincy, in his spare time.

----

DrHatfield:

##Dr. Jenna L. Hatfield

Dr. Jenna L. Hatfield is a 2005 Norfolk High School graduate who went on to earn a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of South Dakota. In 2014, she graduated from the University of Nebraska Medical Center College of Dentistry in Lincoln with a doctorate of dental surgery.

While in dental school, Dr. Hatfield was active in the American Student Dental Association (ASDA), holding leadership positions at the local and national levels. She served as the ASDA District 8 Trustee from 2012 to 2013, was a student delegate to the American Dental Association (ADA) House of Delegates in 2013, and currently sits as an adviser on the ADA’s New Dentist Committee. Along with her ADA membership, Dr. Hatfield is a member of the Nebraska Dental Association (NDA), the Academy of General Dentistry, the American Association of Women Dentists, the American Dental Political Action Committee, and she represents northeast Nebraska on the NDA’s New Dentist Committee.

Dr. Hatfield and her husband, Dirk Waite, enjoy spending time with their dog, Suki, playing or watching sports, and enjoying the outdoors. They are both very excited to have returned to Norfolk and look forward to finding ways to become more active in the community.

----

BusinessStaff:

##Our Business Staff

Cheryl grew up in Laurel, where she met her husband, Kevin. Their two children, Christen and Eric, are both married and live in Ohio and Texas, respectively. That distance puts Cheryl’s four grandchildren almost 1000 miles away but at fun places to visit.

At our front office since 1981, Cheryl has been our office manager since 1999. In her spare time, she enjoys sailing, cycling, snorkeling and playing with their puppy, Cooper. She and her husband like to travel, sometimes on their motorcycle.

Alicia will greet you as you arrive at our office. She has been our front desk administrative assistant for 16 years and is our scheduling and registration specialist.

Alicia grew up near Pierce and has three children, Cody, Levi and Whitney. In her spare time, she enjoys many outdoor activities, such as hiking and four-wheeling.

----

DentalAssistants:

##Our Dental Assistants

Jan has assisted Dr. Krivohlavek for almost 25 years. She is a graduate of the College of Health Careers and truly loves dentistry!

Jan and her husband, Scott, have three children, Morgan, John and Anna.

Vicky grew up in nearby Pilger and graduated from Wisner-Pilger High School. She began her dental assisting career in our office in 1990. She holds certificates in coronal polishing and dental x-ray.

Her son, Jason, and daughter-in-law, Crystal, have two children, while her daughter, Missy, and son-in-law, Dave, have four children. Vicky likes bowling, golfing, fishing and boating but especially enjoys spending time with her grandchildren.

Amber’s favorite color is olive green, which she says is much like her - very unique, yet at the same time neutral. She grew up with her four siblings near Creighton, where she attended school. Amber and her husband, Josh, farm near Coleridge, and she lists her “pets” as many cows, Farley, the dog, and a cat named Butters. She enjoys being with family and friends, cooking, camping, playing sports and watching movies.

After attaining an associate degree in early childhood development, Amber joined the dental field in 2012 and absolutely loves it! She is the newest member of our team and primarily assists the doctors but helps out wherever needed.

----

DentalHygienists:

##Our Registered Dental Hygienists

Amy grew up on a farm near Elgin, Nebraska. She attended school at St. Boniface and Pope John High School and attained her Associate Degree in Dental Hygiene from Central Community College in Hastings.

Amy and her husband, Gary, have two daughters, Taeya and Lexus. The family enjoys being outdoors, especially boating and camping.

Betsy attended the UNMC College of Dentistry in Lincoln and has a Bachelor of Science degree in Dental Hygiene. She is the secretary/treasurer for the northern component of the Nebraska Dental Hygiene Association.

An avid Husker fan, she also enjoys golf and loves to cook. Betsy lives in Albion with her husband and two dogs.
A native of Madison, Amanda lives on a farm near Humphrey with her husband, Matt, daughter, Triniti, and son, Joshua. Two dogs and three cats complete their family. She enjoys riding on ATVs, running, gardening and reading.

A native of Madison, Amanda lives on a farm near Humphrey with her husband, Matt, daughter, Triniti, and son, Joshua. Two dogs and three cats complete their family. She enjoys riding on ATVs, running, gardening and reading.

“Mandy” received her degree in dental hygiene from Central Community College in Hastings in 2004. Before joining our practice, she worked in Missouri and Dodge, Nebraska. Mandy is also certified in administering local anesthesia. 
