Title: What to Expect

----

IntroText:

Our primary goal is to care for you and your family. If you have any questions, concerns, or comments, please let us know. We are always looking for ways to improve our service to you.

We respect our patients' time and make every effort to remain on schedule. We have reserved this time for you and only you, so we ask that you are considerate of our time also. We appreciate 24 hours notice if an appointment time must be changed.

After our examination, we will discuss our findings with you and determine the best treatment plan for each patient in addition to all fees involved. We want you to feel free to ask any questions so that you understand what we will be doing, approximately how many appointments you will need, and when payment is expected. We want to work with you to restore and maintain your oral health.

We use a service called Lighthouse 360 to confirm our patients' appointments, so we will ask for your cellular phone number and email address. Our patients find this method of reminders to be very helpful and convenient. If you prefer not to receive texts or emails as a confirmation, please let us know and we will honor your request.

We always welcome new patients to our practice. We appreciate your referral of friends, family members, and co-workers.

----

ChildrenText:

##Children's Visits

To detect developmental problems and help parents make sure toddlers' teeth and gums are cared for properly, we recommend that your child visit us beginning at age 1. At this age, we review proper home care with the parents to get the child off to a good start. It is important that your child's first visit be a pleasant experience, and we will try our best to make it so.

As your child nears the age of 3, please be prepared to let your child enter the treatment room alone. Children are almost always more cooperative if the parent waits in the reception room. Thank you for your cooperation.

----

EmergencyText:

##Emergencies

We try to allow time each day for emergencies. If you, or a family member is experiencing dental discomfort, we would appreciate a call as early in the day as possible. For after-hours emergencies, please call 402.992.5943.